[Docs]Adds docs for Follower indices UI (#31928)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/managing-remote-clusters.asciidoc

[[working-remote-clusters]]
== Working with remote clusters

{kib} *Management* provides user interfaces for working with data from remote 
clusters and managing the cross cluster replication process. Replicating indices from a 
leader remote cluster to a follower index in a local cluster can be used to provide 
remote backups for disaster recovery or for geo-proximite copies of data.

Before using these features, you should be familiar with the following concepts:

* {xpack-ref}/xpack-ccr.html[Cross cluster replication]
* {ref}/modules-cross-cluster-search.html[Cross cluster search]
* {xpack-ref}/cross-cluster-configuring.html[Cross cluster security requirements]

[float]
[[managing-remote-clusters]]
== Managing remote clusters 

> *Remote Clusters* helps you manage remote clusters for use with 

Reviewer: The title in the UI is *Add remote clusters*

Author: Does the UI change once you have saved clusters? I'm seeing Remote clusters in the UI (although, I should change to sentence case)
<img width="1405" alt="screen shot 2019-02-25 at 2 28 31 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13408456/53363263-3a2d1500-390a-11e9-98d6-c8074557d12f.png">

Reviewer: Oh, I see now.  It's Remote clusters, then you click Add a remote cluster to get to the next screen.  Since the screen you are showing is Add remote cluster.  Just add some wording that first you see the list.  When you add a cluster, you need to define some things like seed node (link to seed node), etc

cross cluster search and cross cluster replication. You can add and remove remote 
clusters and check their connectivity. 

Before you use this feature, you should be familiar with the concept of 
{ref}/modules-remote-clusters.html[remote clusters].  
 

> Go to *Management > Elasticsearch > Remote Clusters* to get started. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a remote cluster, go to *Management > Elasticsearch > Remote Clusters*. 
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/add_remote_cluster.png[][UI for adding a remote cluster]

> Once a remote cluster is registered, you can use the tools under *Cross Cluster Replication* 

Author: Possibly not, I was trying to show the connection between the UIs, and in particular, that setting up 
 a remote cluster is a prereq to using any features under the CCR menu. But it might be redundant.

to add and manage follower indices on the local cluster, and replicate data from 
indices on the remote cluster based on an auto-follow index pattern.

[float]
[[managing-cross-cluster-replication]]
== Managing cross cluster replication
 

> *Cross Cluster Replication* includes tools to help you create and manage the cross cluster 

Reviewer: Is tools the correct word?

Author: Good question, I was trying to avoid the words apps, features, and UIs, since those seem to be problematic for some. Which word do you think works best?

Reviewer: How about leaving the word out.  Cross Cluster Replications helps you create ..."

Author: that works :)

replication process. If you want to replicate data from existing indices, or set up 

> local followers on a case-by-case basis, you can create and manage followers individually 

Reviewer: Is "create and manage followers individually " needed here?

from *Follower indices*. If you want to automatically detect and follow new indices 
when they are created on a remote cluster, you can do so from *Auto-follow patterns*. 

Creating an auto-follow pattern can be useful when you have time-series data, like a logs index, on the 
remote cluster that gets created or rolled over on a daily basis. Once you have configured an 
auto-follow pattern, any time a new index with a name that matches the pattern is 
created in the remote cluster, a follower index is automatically configured in the local cluster.

From the same view, you can also see a list of your saved auto-follow patterns for 
a given remote cluster, and monitor to see if the replication is active.

Before you use these features, you should be familiar with the following concepts:

* {xpack-ref}/ccr-requirements.html[Requirements for leader indices] 
* {xpack-ref}/ccr-auto-follow.html[Automatically following indices]

> Go to *Management > Elasticsearch > Cross Cluster Replication* to get started. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, go to *Management > Elasticsearch > Cross Cluster Replication*. 
```

Author: This is different than the pattern we've been using in other doc: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/creating-index-lifecycle-policies.html
